Update contributing guide (#537)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. configure a proxy between the Kubernetes API server and your host, so that it can contact the webhook in your local machine
1. create the TLS certificates and place them, by default, on `/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs/tls.crt`. The Kubernetes API server has also to be configured to trust the CA used to generate those certs.

In general, it's just easier to deploy the operator in a Kubernetes cluster instead. For that, you'll need the `cert-manager` installed. You can install it by running:

```bash
make cert-manager
```

> Variable `CERTMANAGER_VERSION` can be used to override the cert manager version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `CERTMANAGER_VERSION` can be used to override the cert-manager version:
```

```bash
CERTMANAGER_VERSION=1.60 make cert-manager
```

> Now let's deploy OpenTelemetry operator into the cluster. By default `make deploy` uses image with the following format `ghcr.io/${USER}/opentelemetry-operator` which can be overridden by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying the operator into the cluster using `make deploy`, an image in the format `ghcr.io/${USER}/opentelemetry-operator` is generated. If this format isn't suitable, it can be overridden by:
```

* `IMG_PREFIX`, to override the registry, namespace and image name
* `USER`, to override the namespace
* `IMG_REPO`, to override the repository (`opentelemetry-operator`)
* `VERSION`, to override only the version part
* `IMG`, to override the entire image specification

```bash
IMG=docker.io/${USER}/opentelemetry-operator:latest make generate bundle container container-push deploy
```

Your operator will be available in the `opentelemetry-operator-system` namespace.

> #### Using private docker registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using a private container registry
```
